Refresh resource class overview content (#10452)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/execution-managed/pages/resource-class-lifecycle.adoc

=== Option 1: Update your configuration (recommended)

> Update your `.circleci/config.yml` to use supported resource classes:

Author: ```suggestion
Update your CircleCI configuration file to use supported resource classes:
```
